[Instrumentation.EntityFrameworkCore] Add case for providerName when Devart Oracle is used (#2465)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-dotnet-contrib: src/OpenTelemetry.Instrumentation.EntityFrameworkCore/CHANGELOG.md

## Unreleased

> * Added case when `providerName` has 
> value `"Devart.Data.Oracle.Entity.EFCore"` ([#2465](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-dotnet-contrib/pull/2465))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added case when `providerName` has 
  value `Devart.Data.Oracle.Entity.EFCore`.
  ([#2465](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-dotnet-contrib/pull/2465))
```

* Updated OpenTelemetry core component version(s) to `1.11.0`.
  ([#2470](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-dotnet-contrib/pull/2470))

> * Added case when `providerName` has
>   value `Devart.Data.Oracle.Entity.EFCore`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*  Attribute `db.system` reports `oracle` when
  `Devart.Data.Oracle.Entity.EFCore` is used a provider.
```
